We live in the richest nation in the history of the world but we cant even provide the most elementary human needs to millions of people.
When we improve energy efficiency, we also create a significant number of meaningful jobs and lead the world toward sustainability.
Vermonters looking for a free healthy meal: Text mealsvt to 877-877 or call 211 to find a summer meals location. https://t.co/lQ4DnIufsO
18 million students will be food insecure this summer. In the richest nation in the history of the world, that is simply unacceptable.
Lincoln said, "Of the people, by the people, and for the people," not "Of the billionaires, by the billionaires, and for the billionaires."
With rampant violence and murder all over the world, America must say clearly that we wont contribute. We must abolish the death penalty.
The overwhelming majority of the American people don't believe free speech has anything to do with billionaires being able to buy elections.
Americans should not have to live in fear that they will go bankrupt if they get sick.
Something is wrong in America when one family, the Walton family of Walmart, owns as much wealth as the bottom 42% of Americans combined.
In the US we have 2.2 million people in jail today, more than any other country. We need major changes in our criminal justice system.
We must stop letting multinational fossil fuels corporations rig the system to pad their profits at our expense. https://t.co/eF4gl0h5xz
While the middle class is disappearing, the wealthiest people are doing phenomenally and corporations are making at record-breaking profits.
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to our nations economic well-being.
We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.
Tragically, in America today we have more people in jail than any other country in the world.
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance of ending up in jail. That is unacceptable.
The U.S. must join the nations that understand the benefits of having an educated workforce that isnt burdened with enormous student debt.
The bottom line is the vast majority of climate scientists agree that our planet is warming and that human activities are the primary cause.
Members of Congress can no longer allow the drug companies to charge our people the highest rates in the world. We have to make a stand.
It's my firm belief that all students, regardless of background, should receive the education they need and the education they deserve.
Life would be a lot different for a poor person in Vermont if they had health care as a right, which is the case 50 miles north, in Canada.
If the Walton family can receive billions in taxpayer subsidies, maybe it's OK for working people to get health care and paid family leave.
The solution to Puerto Ricos debt crisis is not more austerity. The solution is more economic development, more jobs, and less poverty.
The Democratic Party must stand on the side of working people and low-income people, not Wall Street and the pharmaceutical industry.
Privatizing the VA would be a huge mistake and a great disservice to the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend us.
The U.S. can lead the world in reversing climate change by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels and toward clean energy.
Despite Americans being some of the most productive workers in the world, wages haven't kept up with inflation since 1968. This must change.
What poverty in America is tragically about is that we have millions of people who are dying at ages much, much younger than they should.
If it's radical to think that the United States shouldn't have more people in jail than any other country, then yes, count me as a radical.
RT @350action: Thanks to climate organizing, the era of oil is beginning to close. #keepitintheground https://t.co/muOmz6CIU8
Mexico isn't going to pay for Donald Trump's wall, and Puerto Rico will not pay for this outrageous and undemocratic control board.
To ask Puerto Ricans to pay $370 million to create an unelected control board stacked with right-wing Republicans is beyond insulting.
NEWS: Sanders Responds to Report Finding Puerto Rico Would Be Forced to Fund Control Board https://t.co/zbhGoM98Gs https://t.co/se9rKrAmi1
Nearly every nation offers paid maternity leave so a mother can be with her baby. We are practically the only nation that doesn't do that.
The drug industry's greed is killing Americans. It must come to an end.
Pleased to see Vermont stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and pass drug price transparency legislation led by @RepCP.
RT @MVULearning: Tori Jarvis is recognized by Senator Sanders office for her outstanding essay on xenophobia #writingexcellence https://t.c
Today, 40 million Americans are drowning in more than $1.3 trillion in student loan debt. We must make public colleges tuition free.
The threat of climate change is a pivotal moment in history that we must address by transitioning  aggressively to a clean energy system.
We need new trade policies to prevent corporations from throwing American workers out on the street and running to China for cheap labor.
Today, 15.5 million children in our country live in poverty. This is the future of America. We must address this issue.
RT @ReutersPolitics: Sanders to offer Puerto Rico debt bill that would protect pensioners https://t.co/ynIC1I0kcu
When it comes to addressing climate change, the most expensive option is to do nothing at all.
Hurricane Damage Costs Will Skyrocket Due to Climate Change, New Report Finds https://t.co/85rsl9JsGQ https://t.co/YHB66vytNt
RT @ElNuevoDia: .@BernieSanders propondr $10,800 millones para infraestructura en Puerto Rico - https://t.co/pZbP7AYGLd https://t.co/MJEoQ
NEW: Sanders bill to address Puerto Rican humanitarian crisis. https://t.co/VBrxCzB6Cg https://t.co/PAimTmeWlr
Directors at the Federal Reserve should not be hand-picked by bankers from the same banks that the Fed is in charge of regulating.
If we do not address the planetary crisis of climate change, we will be judged by future generations and by history in a very negative way.
Understanding the magnitude of the climate crisis also means realizing that good environmental policy is also good economic policy.
A transaction fee on Wall Street would not only raise billions in new revenue, it would curb harmful speculation.
In my view, democratic socialism means that a few ultra-wealthy people should not have total control of our politics and economics.
It's not right that despite an increase in worker productivity for decades, the average worker is working longer hours for lower wages.
I think there is a lot to be learned from Scandinavia where health care and college education are provided to all, regardless of income.
If we are serious about combatting climate change, we need to put an end to fracking all over this country.
What we have got to do is to redefine who we can be as a nation. What rights we are entitled to as humans. That's the struggle.
Health care is a right, not a privilege. Everyone in America should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.
Here's a radical idea: No full-time worker should live in poverty. We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour.
The need for real campaign finance reform is not a progressive issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is an American issue.
I think the issue of income and wealth inequality is in fact a moral issue. It is an issue that we must confront here and across the world.
Fewer people voting and and the wealthy contributing huge amounts of money-- this is the kind of democracy the ruling class likes.
When workers don't have to worry about how they are going to pay rent, they become better workers. Raising the minimum wage is common sense.
No parent should have to send their sick child to school because they can't take a day from work. We need paid family leave in America.
The fact is there's been class warfare for the last thirty years, but it's been the ruling class taking on the middle class and poor.
We must go beyond fine speeches if we're serious about protecting the needs of veterans. They've protected us. Now we must protect them.
We must reaffirm our commitment to our veterans and the families of those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. #MemorialDay2016
It's easy to give speeches about how tough we are, but let us not forget the cost of war on the men and women who serve in our military.
Fracking is a danger to our water supply. It's resulted in more earthquakes. Its highly explosive. And its contributing to climate change.
A life-saving drug does no good if the people who need it cannot afford that drug.
Taxpayers should never again be on the hook for the mismanagement by Wall Street executives. It's time to break up the big banks.
A land where millionaires have never had it so good, while millions struggle just to survive, is not what America is supposed to be about.
The American people understand our national debt was caused when President Bush took us into two wars and forgot to pay for them.
It would be a colossal tragedy for the next generation to have a lower standard of living than their parents, but that's where we're headed.
The global economy has simply failed when so many have so little and so few have so much.
It makes no sense for a 19-year-old kid to be denied a job because they were arrested for smoking marijuana.
Before Social Security was enacted, about half of America's seniors lived in poverty. We must preserve and expand Social Security benefits.
We need to reaffirm our support for quality public education and the right of all children to receive the best education possible.
The attacks against transgender people are part of a bigotry which has got to end.
The class of 2016 has an average debt of $37,172, the highest level of debt yet! In my view, we must make public colleges tuition free.
Social Security has been the most successful anti-poverty program in American history. That's why we must expand benefits, not cut them.
It makes no sense to degrade our environment in the interest of quick profits only to later spend billions to remedy the mess we've made.
If we want a vibrant democracy, where candidates have an even playing field, we need to move toward public funding of elections.
We must work toward trade agreements that work for our working people and not just for the CEOs of the largest corporations in this country.
While the top 20 pharma and health care CEOs raked in $409.9 million last year, 1 in 5 Americans cant afford to fill their prescriptions.
The federal government should be investing in its young people, not profiteering off of student loans with rising interest rates.
Balancing the budget on the backs of the elderly, the sick and the poor must be opposed. It is not only immoral but bad economics.
We must move to Medicare-for-all health care because is an injustice for millions of people to be one illness away from financial disaster.
Congress must hold corporations accountable, not give them cover to lie to the American people. #ExxonKnew
RT @climatebrad: This is what real Democratic leadership looks like. https://t.co/cYgPK3exI3
NEWS: Sanders, Whitehouse, Warren, Merkley Slam GOP Attempt to Block Fossil Fuel Fraud Investigation https://t.co/ZOXURYDVvW
Why would Republicans try to stop climate denial investigations? Easy. They're funded by the fossil fuel industry. https://t.co/LTyz055Mir
A broken campaign finance system means the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few threatens both our economic and political freedom.
It is beyond my comprehension that thousands of bright young people are unable to go to college only because their family lacks the funding.
We need legislation that improves regulation of toxic chemicals but doesn't block a state's ability to ensure people's health and safety.
A society which proclaims human freedom as its goal, as the USA does, must work unceasingly to end discrimination against all people.
Nearly 33% of Americans who arent retired have no retirement savings or pension at all. We must fight to expand not cut Social Security.
Our message to young people must be clear: You will not be punished for growing up poor. If you work hard, you will get to go to college.
Our government should have the same authority as almost every other major country to negotiate drug prices and put an end to price gouging.
It's an indictment of our broken health care system that low-income Americans say their biggest fear is getting sick or being in an accident
The right wing in this country is waging a war against women, but let me be very clear: This is not a war we are going to allow them to win.
Conversion therapy only perpetuates discrimination against the LGBT community. Proud Vermont banned this dangerous and discredited practice.
Two-thirds of Americans want to eliminate the offshore tax haven loophole. Why hasn't Congress done so? A broken campaign finance system.
The function of banking should be providing affordable loans to small business and hardworking Americans, not gambling on Wall Street.
The fact of the matter is trade agreements pushed by corporate America are very good for CEOs, but disastrous for American workers.
In my view, the lack of affordable higher education in the United States is counter-productive to our efforts to create a strong economy.
55% of Americans agree we need to break up the big banks. The American people realize too-big-to-fail banks threaten our economic freedom.
56% of children in Puerto Rico live in poverty. Wall Street cannot be allowed to squeeze people who are suffering.
https://t.co/1YljeNSzyr
We can feed a senior for an entire year for the cost of one day in the hospital. Lets expand and support the Older Americans Act. #WeAreOAA
It's unacceptable that, every day, millions of seniors have to juggle their limited budgets to buy food, medicine or pay rent. #WeAreOAA
The average worker pays $760 in extra taxes each year to close the revenue gap left by the 50 largest corporations hiding profits offshore.
62% of Americans want to eliminate special tax breaks for fossil fuel companies. We've had enough of big oil getting rich on our dime.
The epidemic of price gouging in the drug industry is an obscenity. The rising cost of prescriptions has become its own health hazard.
It is not utopian thinking to say that every American should have health insurance as a right. It's reality in many countries already.
Standing with striking workers on picket lines is something that I have been doing for my entire life. That is what I do and what I believe.
In Germany, college tuition is free. In America, it's increasingly unaffordable. Which country do you think has a competitive advantage?
If a police officer breaks the law, like any public official, that officer must be held accountable.
By expanding employee ownership we can create stronger companies, stem job loss, and improve working conditions.
I just don't think human life is about making billions and billions of dollars and ignoring the reality around me.
https://t.co/irkHPCOJ8d
We must stop treating Puerto Rico like a colony and start treating the American citizens of Puerto Rico with the dignity that they deserve.
The restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt must be in the best interest of its 3.5 million U.S. citizens, not Wall Street vulture capitalists.
Sanders to Senate Democrats: Do We Stand With Puerto Rico or Wall Street and the Tea Party? https://t.co/W22RfLYgLJ https://t.co/y5oYDPMeSA
We must bring about pay equity. It's unconscionable for women to earn 79 cents on the dollar compared to men who perform the same work.
Let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win.
We are facing a two-pronged attack on our democracy: unlimited money in the political process, paired with the systematic voter suppression.
It is an embarrassment that Republicans, in order to preserve their majority, have refused to fix our broken voting system.
It's a disgrace that so many young Americans do not go to college, not because they are unqualified, but because they can't afford it.
We need an immigration policy that brings families together, not one that tears them apart.
The obscene level of wealth and income inequality we have in the United States is a grave danger to our economy and our political system.
We have got to end this immoral imbalance of wealth and income distribution where so few have so much and so many have so little.
Our veterans have put their lives on the line. That is why we must do everything possible to ensure they receive the benefits they deserve.
The most serious crisis facing this country today is the lack of decent-paying jobs, particularly for young Americans.
We must act with a fierce sense of urgency to rebuild the disappearing middle class. We can start by raising the minimum wage to $15/hour.
72% of Americans support paid family leave. It's time for Republicans to start supporting real family values.
Let's not kid ourselves. We have today a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery.
We must overturn Citizens United to state clearly: No person and certainly no corporation has the "First Amendment right" to buy elections.
RT @RaiseUpfor15: McDs is more profitable than ever and we are barely scraping by in poverty! See you next week McDonalds #Fightfor15 https
NEWS: Sanders Statement on Toxic Substances Control Act https://t.co/D9XbLLnExR https://t.co/vgkdkxCvtA
We will not return to the days of back-room abortions. The decision about abortion must remain a decision for the woman, not the government.
The truth is, we've already seen a massive redistribution of wealth in America. But it's gone from the middle class to the wealthiest few.
Proud Vermont is leading on clean energy. To fight climate change, we must move aggressively to renewable energy. https://t.co/DondaJV7AG
RT @hiltzikm: Why is Congress trying to weaken the FDA's oversight of dangerous drugs? The answer is money: https://t.co/aUSaISq7Oa
We cannot afford to wait to address this public health crisis. We must quickly fund efforts to stop Zika's spread. https://t.co/dTi5zUbFOQ
History will record that the Citizens United decision is one of the worst in the history of our country.
No democracy, and certainly not our democracy, should be about billionaires being able to buy candidates and elections.
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor. I don't think that is the nation we should be living in.
No mother should be forced back to work days after giving birth. If every other major country can have paid maternity leave, so can we.
We need austerity for hedge fund managers who've exacerbated the Puerto Rico financial crisis. We dont need more austerity for children.
The legislation to establish an unelected control board in Puerto Rico is a move in exactly the wrong direction and is unacceptable.
NEWS: Sanders Statement in Opposition to Legislation to Establish A Control Board in Puerto Rico  https://t.co/DZnD9WJRby
No matter what school you go to or where you live, transgender students must be protected from discrimination. It's about basic equality.
One can't make the changes that this country needs, frankly, unless you are prepared to take on Wall Street and much of corporate America.
25% of Americans 60+ have lost all of their teeth. Everyone should have access to quality and affordable oral healthcare. #AStateofDecay
Billionaires supporting billionaires is not democracy. Its oligarchy.
Nearly 10 percent of our nation's 600,000 bridges have been designated as structurally deficient. It's time to rebuild our infrastructure!
The U.S.  can be a leader in reversing climate change by transforming our energy system away from fossil fuels to clean energies.
In 2016, a job must lift workers out of poverty, not keep them in it. We must raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage of $15/hour.
12 consecutive months of record warmth for our planet. When will Republicans accept the reality of climate change? https://t.co/FnnPdURcC0
While we can never truly repay the debt we owe to our veterans, we have a moral obligation to provide the benefits they deserve.
We must not turn our backs on the refugees who are fleeing Syria often with just the clothes on their backs. https://t.co/ILwqM4iM2d
It's absurd that the average CEO makes 335 times more than the average worker. This grotesque pay gap has got to end.
We are in this together. The truth is, on some level, when you hurt, when your children hurt, I hurt. And when my kids hurt, you hurt.
This long overdue change in overtime rules is a step in the right direction and good news for millions of workers. https://t.co/E4uVZJ1ZkT
Extending overtime pay will help millions of families. Its time hard working Americans got the pay they deserve. https://t.co/24w8cbGlR3
There is no justice when a small few have enough wealth to support their families for millennia while so many struggle to survive each day.
It can seem easy to turn our backs on the vulnerable, but I believe what human life is about is everyone has an impact on everyone else.
American workers are some of the most overworked yet our standard of living has fallen. For many, the American dream has become a nightmare.
NEWS: Sanders Supports Emergency Funding to Combat Zika Virus https://t.co/GLo08Bfo8d
Too many people have struggled and died to maintain our democratic vision. We owe it to them and to our children to maintain it.
People should not be dying in the United States of America because they couldn't afford a check-up or a prescription.
If the Federal Reserve could bail out Wall Street, it can help the 3.5 million Americans in Puerto Rico.
It's a tragedy that unemployment for black graduates is higher today than it was for whites after the recession. https://t.co/MwglLhsUUh
Change comes, even in the face of overwhelming odds. And recognition of the changes we have already made inspires us to fight even harder.
After raising prices over 200% Valeant shouldn't be praised for 10-40% rebates on lifesaving heart drugs. Drug companies' greed must end.
I'm not sure people who have money understand what poverty is like, including the toll fighting for survival takes on your mind and health.
If you look at the history of American involvement in regime change, you see that there are often unintended and dangerous consequences.
Fraud is the business model on Wall Street. It is not the exception to the rule. It is the rule.
We live in a country today that has a rigged economy and a corrupt campaign finance system. We must strive to make fundamental changes.
When folks stand together against a rigged system, they can forge a politics that can transform a city, a nation and maybe the world.
When one-third of seniors in America depend on Social Security for almost all of their income, we must expand benefits, not cut them.
As a nation built by hardworking immigrants, we need to enact immigration policies that unite families, not tear them apart.
In striving to be a moral society, it is imperative we have the courage to stand with the poor and, when necessary, take on very powerful.
More tax breaks for the very large corporations is just one symptom of a political system that is grotesquely failing the average American.
Change never takes place from the top down, it comes from the bottom up. Don't believe anyone who tells you we cannot change the status quo
It's obscene for big bank executives who have so much to spend millions lobbying against raising the minimum wage. https://t.co/LYgixlS1BA
We must have the guts to stand up to the fossil fuel industry and tell them their short-term profits are not more important than the planet.
Change happens in this country when people come together to say the status quo is unacceptable. I believe we are in such a moment right now.
No one should feel deterred from attending college due to cost. That's why we must make public colleges and universities tuition free.
Infrastructure investment would not only make our country more productive and efficient, it would also create millions of new jobs.
The physiology of living paycheck to paycheck, the stress of not knowing how if you can afford food or pay rent, wreaks havoc on your body.
Horribly, someone born in Baltimore's poorest neighborhood can expect to live 20 years less than a person born in the wealthiest area.
The right to go to a public college or university tuition free is not a radical idea. In fact, it used to exist in the United States.
There's no such thing as safe offshore drilling. To protect our coastal communities we must #keepitintheground. https://t.co/613tAA4eXi
It's absurd that in the last 2 years, the wealth of 15 Americans increased by more than what is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans.
It's high time for Republicans to start listening to the scientific community that is telling us loud and clear that climate change is real.
When the number of seniors is skyrocketing, we must increase funding to enable everyone to retire with dignity. https://t.co/cJXX115DGR
It's absurd that as the wealthiest country in the history of the world, more than half of our older workers have no retirement savings.
Just one pill of a lifesaving cancer drug costs $750! Access to health care is a human right. That must include affordable medication.
#TBT to when Bernie advocated for DC statehood...in 1993.
https://t.co/QsIUtvdmFy
I agree @POTUS. That's why I introduced legislation to make Election Day a national holiday: https://t.co/R0Rxwf6u4D https://t.co/RJ8x37Zlye
We are not going to allow the extreme right-wing to viciously attack and defund Planned Parenthood. We are going to expand it.
RT @ReutersBiz: .@SenSanders and @SenWarren are among lawmakers asking Yellen to diversify the Fed: https://t.co/jOStQgjqVM https://t.co/io
